The Simpsons 18x05 (HABF21)
G.I. (Annoyed Grunt)
we are not all naked under our clothes
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Bart, can we go
to Banana Republic?
There's a mannequin there
I have a crush on.
Milhouse, that is the most
pathetic thing I ever....
Oh, my God.
She's beautiful.
Bullies!
Wait.
They're employees.
They have to be nice
to us. Let's go.
Oh, shoe-boy?
I'm looking for something
in a cross-trainer.
What size do I smell like?
You're dead, Simpson.
Dude, don't lose it
in the workplace.
Wee already on thin ice
with Mr. Friedman.
The shoe size calibrator
is for measuring feet
and nothing else.
Yes, Mr. Friedman.
I'm sorry, Mr. Friedman.
That tie really brings out
your eyes, Mr. Friedman.
You're lacing it wrong.
I want it overy-undery,
not undery-overy.
Re-lace them all.
No.
Attention part-time
sales representatives.
I'm leaving this job to work
at Jolly Tamale
because the hours are better
and my mom's really sick.
When you leave,
what happens to your rule
about not whaling on customers?
That rule leaves with me.
THe sole provider
join the army
Idle teens at 1:00.
Intercepting
in three, two.
'Sup, guys?
Heard the new rap CD?
Yo, I don't know
what I dig more,
hip-hop, krunk,
or serving my country.
Are you guys hitting on us?
No, man, we just want
to talk to you
about something near
and dear to us.
What? Being gay?
Close. The Army.
Because of exciting
current events,
the Army needs new members.
New members who want
to earn money for college,
and see a part of the world
that tourists never go to.
Doesn't the Army have to fight
in wars?
Not wars,
global struggles.
You guys like globes?
Let's go, dudes.
Damn it.
Even the dumbest teenagers
in the dumbest town
in the dumbest state know
better than to join the Army.
Well, we'll just have
to go younger.
What's this assembly for?
A surpriseDoodlebops concert?
Standardized tests, standardizedtests, standardized tests.
How many of youlike video games?
Well, what if there wasa violent video game
that you could play for free,
plus it's real lifeand not a game at all?
Wouldn't that be slammin'?
Who are these wonderful people?
Now we broughtalong a movie.
Do you guys knowwhere we can find
some awesome kidsto show it to?
Dearborn, Michigan?
No, here.
You got it.
I'm  imagining that knight is me
Ooh.
The Army
It's everything you like.
Ah.
Now you can't legally jointhe army until you're 18,
but if you pre-enlist now,we will save you a spot
in America's nextunresolvable conflict.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Listen to thosehalf-pencils scribble.
Thanks  for fitting us in,Sergeant Skinner.
Well, I'd do anythingfor my beloved Army.
Well, how aboutre-enlisting?
How about you bite me?
Great news, Ma.
I agreed to join the armywhen I turn 18.
What? Homer!
Our son joined the Army.
Eh, big deal,by the time Bart's 18,
we're going to controlthe world.
We're China, right?
Now listen, Bub.
You go down to those recruiters
and tell them Bart is too youngfor the Army.
I don't want this to bethe only memory I have of him.
How come I can't join the army,but Lisa gets to be in PETA?
I think she just answerstheir phone.
Hey.
Uh...
Fur is murder!
When's the Krustymovie coming out?
Whoa. Uh, hey.
No, you can't.
Uh, this one's ruined.
Give me the backup.
Now the babies.
And the monkey head mittens.
Yeah, I'm a real class act.
Okay, Mr. Simpson,
we'll tear up your son's contract.
Sorry, guys.
You know, his mother's the onewho made me come down here.
Sounds, uh, likeyou're kind of tired
of being bossedaround at home.
Go on.
Would you beinterested in, um...
well, I don't know,joining the army?
Wouldn't that take me away frommy family for two whole years?
Hey, a big target like you will be home a lot sooner than that.
Woo-hoo! Where do I sign?
Now where's my parade?
Where's my parade?
We have this issue of Parade Magazine.
Ooh, "Who makes what in America."
Army private: $14,000 a year.D'oh!
Homer, with all the things you've done--
go into space, attendclown college, join the Navy--
I never thoughtyou'd join the Army.
Whoa, even the Armyhas Humvees now.
Homie, don't do this.
You have a wife and threeyoung children at home.
I have to, Marge.
Who else is gonna keep oil undera hundred dollars a barrel?
You? Don't make me laugh.
You couldn't...
Aw, oh, oh, don't, no.
Daddy's just teasing.
Of course you could.
You could keep itunder a hundred.
Yes, you could.
No,  she couldn't.
Fort Clinton
(Not That Clinton)
Attention!
Ordinarily, I wouldspend the next two hours
questioningyour sexuality,
running down your hometowns,
and telling you to drop andgive me various numbers.
Are you gonna ask usour major malfunctions?
'Cause mine isI care too much.
Unfortunately, the demand fortroops has never been higher,
so we've got to speed things up.
While you've been standing here,your hair's been cut,
and your clotheshave been replaced
with army fatigues.
Here's your nicknames:Brooklyn, Hollywood,
Kissimmee-St. Cloud, Florida,Maveri,
Blanket Hog, Newman's Own,Master of Suspense,
England's Rose,Nickname Pending,
Bram Stoker's Dracula,and Snowflake.
Snowflake?
What happens to me in the summer?
A troublemaker, huh?!
You're gonna sit here and eat donuts,
while the rest of the unit does push-ups!
I don't understand.
How does punishing them teach me a lesson?
Just for that, they'll do the push-ups one-handed,
while you eat Alaskan King salmon
and I give youa foot rub!
I like rubbing people's feet
Corns and bunionsare a treat
can give massage real well
If you know why,don't ask, don't tell.
Congratulations, you have allcompleted basic training.
Our base commander will now give you your assignments.
Okay, listen up!
Man, you've gotan awesome voice!
Well, thank you.
Can you say,"Side effects may include
drowsiness and lossof appetite" ?
Side effects may includedrowsiness and loss of appetite.
Hmm, sounded better in my head
Now, we've gradedyour aptitude tests
and assigned you specialtiesto match your skills.
Frontline infantry.
Frtline infantry.Frontline infantry.
I joined to makerecruitment films.
Well, you knowwhere you're gonna get
good footage, don't you?
Ooh, tell me.
Frontline infantry!
Everyone got an assignment but us.
I wonder what makes us so special.
Gentlemen, I'll be frank.
Never before has the Army accepted recruits
with test scores as low as yours.
That's an odd way to start handing out medals.
I'm not handing out medals!
But I am gonna give youa special assignment.
The  Army is conductingwar games,
and we want youto play the enemy.
Don't  you get it?
They're using us as patsies to make the Army look good.
Are we that stupid?
- So they're not shipping you overseas?
- Nope.
I'm gonna stay here and let them test
their laser-guided super weapons on me.
Like that one.
Don't worry, Dad.
You'll do great.
Okay, these are war games,
and I'm head of my team.
I have to think
like a great military leader.
Ah, stay crunchy in milk.
I will!
Stay crunchy, men.
Stay crunchy.
This'll be like shooting cats
off of Grandma's sofa.
Oh, my God, I just remembered.
It's Chinese New Year!
Gung hay fat choi!
Americans!
After them!
Sir, you can't just invade an
American city without authorization.
I sure as hell can!
Congress slipped it into the
National Broccoli Day Proclamation.
I was wondering why you
were carrying that thing around.
I thought we were gonna have
a day off or something.
Think again.
Now, move out!
- Is this war?
- No, sir, just a simulation.
Whew, this pain feels so real.
Uh, it is real.
Oh. Guess I'd better
do my part.
Bring it on, chumps!
Fingers, fingers, fingers.
What you doing, Moe?
Drawing a wangon Marmaduke?
Heck, no.
I'm challenging myself
with one of these, uh, Sudoku games.
What, that Japanese puzzle
in which no numeral can be repeated
in a row, column, or box?
That's how it works?
I was just drawing wangs on the numbers.
Moe, Moe, you got to hide us
from the Army.
The Salvation Army? You got it.
Not that Army, the one from Stripes!
Okay.
Thanks, Moe.
How can I everre pay you?
Hey, some things mean
more to me than money.
Like a whole lot of money.
Why did you just say
that sentence fragment?
Uh, it, uh--long story.
War game's over, losers.
Hey, they's
using live ammo.
Well, what have we got?
Rise, my pretties.
Find our mies and capture
their image in your filmy fortress.
I think we ought to
just go up there and surrender.
I'm not gonna surrender.
You've seen what the US
Army does to prisoners.
How would you like to
be stacked naked in a pile
with a hillbilly girl pointing
at you and laughing?
That was our last Christmas card.
Yeah, Marge always loves your cards.
Well, you may not be the
smartest guys in the Army.
Homer Simpson!
We have captured your unit!
We're telling off-color jokes
and laughing as a group.
Come and join the fun bunch.
I'd give anything
to hear Homer's voice.
"H" means "hot"?!
Stupid Army,
searching for me
with that giant helicopter
in the distance.
It's not giant and
it's not in the distance.
It's small and
it's in our room!
Predator drone!
This means war.
- I thought it was already war.
- I hate you.
Attention, Springfield!
We are rounding up and detaining
all men who are fat or bald,
or have ever been amused by
the antics of Homer Simpson.
Excuse me.
I don't belong here.
I am not bald.
I am balding!
Ugh, why will no one honor the "-ding"?
I honor the "-ding", sir.
The hell are you
talking about?
Sir, maybe we should just quit.
This operation has cost
over $50 million since lunch.
US government policy is very clear.
Never back down.
Never admit a mistake.
That's why we've won
over half the wars we've fought.
Mom, we've got to stop
them from pacifying our town.
Don't worry.
I have a secret weapon
one more deadly than any gun.
- Lisa's face?
- A phone tree.
Huh?
Well, you'd better hurry.
I don't think Dad can last much
longer where he's hiding.
Dorothy's daughter comes every Sunday
and brings all kinds of wonderful soups.
- Oh...
- And Melvin's son brings a banjo.
And he works our names into his songs.
Oh...!
Hello, Helen?
I'm calling about the recent
destruction of our town.
Well, I have a little
plan to fix their wagon.
- Hello.
Yes, Nelson,
of course I'll help.
And a haw-haw to you.
So that's the plan.
We're meeting at the reservoir at 8:00 p.m.
I flushed a potato down the toilet.
Now we have to live in a hotel.
Terrific.
Now call Lindsay Naegle.
Marge, why did you have us
bring our liquor to the reservoir?
We're going to dump it in
the water to get the Army drunk.
Wow, uh...
this'll be the first time
I ever watered down my booze.
Moe, why are your eyes
darting back and forth so much?
Oh, I-I'm just thinking about a
great tennis match I saw once, yeah.
Uh, uh, now I'm thinking
about ping-pong.
A... ver-very fast chess game.
A... snappy David Mamet play.
What the hell...happened to us?
I'll tell youwhat happened to us.
Y-You used to be cool and
then you got promoted.
- I'm still cool.
- Oh, really?
When's the last time we took the tank
and went down to Hansen's Point?
Just the two of us?
All right, all right, here's the plan.
We're gonna take a li-little nap,
and then we're gonna
wake up fresh as daisies.
Colonel, we're here to discuss
the terms of your surrender.
Surrender?
Never.
Hmm, let's see what your hangover has to say.
Great Cheney's Ghost!
You win.
Colonel, I hope you've learned
that an occupying foreign force
can never defeat
a determined local populace.
Among the many things
we learn Vietnam...
Horn, please.
Simpson,  you may have won,
but you still have to serve
the remainder of your tour of duty.
All right,but no combat.
Don't you worry, ma'am.
A man of your husband's ingenuity
can be put to very good use.
Dudes.
Want to make some extra spending money?
Get a free pair of boots?
Hey, baby,
you like obstacle courses?
Thinking it over, huh?
I'm cool with that.
Hey, pal, like the way
you handle that mop.
You like killing?
Hey, ladies.
Are you tired of waiting
for sanctions to work?
I know I am.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org